There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Do not grieve, indeed Allah is with us.
Seek help through patience and prayer.
But surely to your lord is the return of all.
Allah alone can fix your heartbreaks and problems.
And he alone heals me when i am sick.
And the hereafter is better for you then the first (Life)
You have Allah It’ll be okay
ALLAH IS ALWAYS WITH YOU NEVER FORGET THAT.
And he is the all for giving, all loving
He indeed knows what lies inside the hearts.
Allah knows what is the best for you and when it’s best for you to have it.
Take every day as a chance to become a better Muslim.
Do not lose hope, nor be sad.
Patience is pillar of faith.
O Allah! Renew the Imaan in my heart.
Raise your words not voice.
Allah give the hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.
My success is only by Allah.
Don’t be sad, Allah is with us.
Ya Allah! Take care of the ones I love. Ameen!
To Allah we belong, and to him is our return.
Never underestimate the power of dua.
The heart is made by Allah & for Allah only.
Allah makes the impossible possible.
Oh Allah, fix my heart.
My success can only come from Allah.
So be patient. Indeed, the promise of Allah is truth.
If you worry, you suffer twice. Leave it to Allah.
Call upon me I will answer your prayers. – Quran 40:60
O my lord, increase me in knowledge. Surah Ta-Ha 225
Alhamdulillah for everything.
And do good as Allah has done good to you.
We belong to Allah, and indeed to him we will return.
I truly repent to you, and i truly submit to your will.
There is no god But Allah.
And who can forgive sins except Allah.
Your soul needs prayers just like your lungs needs air.
The bacbiter shall not enter in Paradise.
If you are in doubt ask ALLAH. Perform Salatul Istikhara.
Take every day as a chance to become a better Muslim.
Control your anger or it will control you.
Happy is the soul that found Allah before finding Dunya.
When you’re close to Allah he softens your heart.
We Worry About Tomorrow as if it’s Guaranteed.
If Jannah is your dream, HOLD TIGHT to your deen!
When there is no way, ALLAH will make a way.
who can help you get through your problems? BUT ALLAH.
Being Muslim is for all day.Not just 5 times a day.
When love is for the sake of ALLAH, it never Dies.
Stay close to anything that reminds you of ALLAH.
Ya Rabb don’t put me back into what you once took me out from.
Oh Allah, Fix my heart. – Ameen
How can you feel worthless When Allah blessed you with Islam.
The Dua’a on your tongue tells about the love in your heart.
Prayer isn’t for Allah. it’s for you. he doesn’t need us but we need him.
The greatest thing a friend can do for you is, brings you closer to ALLAH.
If the heart becomes hardened the eyes become dry.
The QURAN is for ourselves, not for our shelves.
Every test is a blessing every blessing is a Test.
Hard times will always be there but so will ALLAH’s help.
Worries End when Salah Begins.
One who remembers ALLAH is never AloneLY.
Doctors can treat you, but only ALLAH can heal you.
I only complain of my Sorrow and my sadness to ALLAH.
People of ALHAMDULILAH don’t have time to complain.
Faith is trusting God even when you don’t understand his plan.
Be Embarrassed to sin in Public. Don’t be Shy to show your faith.
Everything in life is pre-written but with Dua, it can be re-written.
HE calls you so he can forgive you for your sins.
Islam makes everything Clearer.
Don’t sacrifice the ocean (Akhirah) for the bowl (Dunya).
Live to please Allah, Not People.
“We don’t pray to exist. We exist to pray.”
Islam is the bridge between you and Jannah.
You will die the way you Lived – Muhammad Peace be upon Him.
If you are grateful, I will give your more. Surah Ibrahim | v.7
Do good and good will come to you.
Don’t lose hope, Nor be sad.  [Quran 3:139]
And do not spend wastefully. Surah Al Isra ayah 26
If you want guaranteed Success, make every effort to please Allah.
Alhamdulillah for always giving me what I needed instead of what I wanted.
Alhamdulillah for cool shades on hot days.
I seek forgiveness of Allah, the Mighty.
O Allah, change me until I’m someone you are pleased with.
Oh Allah, forgive me if I asked you more than I thanked you.
Be patient over what befalls you.
Every test is a blessing. Say Alhamdullilah.
Therefore, endure with graceful patience | Quran 70:5
Sabr. After patience beautiful things await.
So be patient with a beautiful patience | Surah Ma’arij Verse 5
Allah SWT is the best of planners. Trust Him.
Allah does not burden a soul beyond that it can bear.
Your duas are never rejected. They’re answered in different ways.
The more you read The Quran the more you’ll fall in love with The Author.
Tawakkul is having complete trust that Allah’s plan is the best plan.
And speak to people good words | Quran 2:83
Allah SWT comes in between a person and his heart | Quran 8:24
Allah SWT likes those who are thankful | Quran 39:7
Allah knows what is the best for you and when it’s best for you to have it.
Know that the ungrateful are never successful | Quran 28:82